(#1057) Add connection string info and update dependency information for CCM 0.13.0 (#1060)
chocolatey/docs: src/content/docs/en-us/central-management/setup/service.mdx

* `/PortNumber:` - The port the Chocolatey Management Service will listen on. This will automatically create a rule to open the firewall on the port specified. Defaults to `24020`.
* `/CertificateDnsName:` - The DNS name of the self-signed certificate that is generated if no existing certificate thumbprint is provided using the `/CertificateThumbprint` parameter (below). Defaults to `<LOCAL COMPUTER FQDN NAME>`.
* `/CertificateThumbprint:` - Provide the thumbprint of an existing certificate (already installed in `LocalMachine\TrustedPeople` certificate store) to use for secure communication with clients. Defaults to a new self-signed SSL certificate on first installation / reuses existing on upgrades.

> * `/ConnectionString:` - The SQL Server database connection string to be used to connect to the Chocolatey Central Management database. Defaults to default or explicit values for `/SqlServiceInstance` and `/Database`, along with Integrated Security (`Server=<LOCAL COMPUTER FQDN NAME>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=true; `). The account should have `db_datareader`/`db_datawriter` access to the database ([data reader / data writer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/authentication-access/database-level-roles#fixed-database-roles)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/ConnectionString:` - The SQL Server database connection string to be used to connect to the Chocolatey Central Management database. Defaults to default or explicit values for `/SqlServiceInstance` and `/Database`, along with Integrated Security (`Server=<LOCAL COMPUTER FQDN NAME>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=True; `). The account should have `db_datareader`/`db_datawriter` access to the database ([data reader / data writer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/authentication-access/database-level-roles#fixed-database-roles)).

```

```json
{
  "ConnectionStrings": {

>     "Default": "Server=<HOST_NAME_OF_MACHINE_BEING_INSTALLED_ONTO>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=true;"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Default": "Server=<HOST_NAME_OF_MACHINE_BEING_INSTALLED_ONTO>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=True;"

```

>     "Default": "Server=<HOST_NAME_OF_MACHINE_BEING_INSTALLED_ONTO>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=True;"

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above... A few lines ago we talk about version `0.6.2`, but this change makes that technically wrong.

Author: This one I'm less sure about. The particular change it's worried about is the `CertificateThumbprint` which _was_ added in 0.6.2.

I can add a note here that this reflects the defaults as of 0.13.0 or something, perhaps.

Author: Updated.

```json
{
  "ConnectionStrings": {

>         "Default": "Server=<HOST_NAME_OF_MACHINE_BEING_INSTALLED_ONTO>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=true;"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Default": "Server=<HOST_NAME_OF_MACHINE_BEING_INSTALLED_ONTO>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=True;"

```

```json
{
  "ConnectionStrings": {

>     "Default": "Server=<HOST_NAME_OF_MACHINE_BEING_INSTALLED_ONTO>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=true;"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Default": "Server=<HOST_NAME_OF_MACHINE_BEING_INSTALLED_ONTO>; Database=ChocolateyManagement; Trusted_Connection=True; TrustServerCertificate=True;"

```

### Error 1053: The service did not respond to the start or control request in a timely fashion.

> If the Chocolatey Central Management Service is not able to be started due to "Error 1053: The service did not respond to the start or control request in a timely fashion.", it is likely caused due to no compatible versions of dotnet aspnetruntime not being installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Chocolatey Central Management Service cannot be started due to "Error 1053: The service did not respond to the start or control request in a timely fashion.", it will likely be caused by no compatible versions of dotnet aspnetruntime being installed.

```

> The installed runtimes can be listed with `dotnet --list-runtimes`. Ensure that a 6.x.x version of Microsoft.AspNetCore.App is listed. If there is not a version listed, reinstall `dotnet-6.0-aspnetruntime`.

Reviewer: I'm confused by this one - are we not moving to .NET 8?

Author: Yes we are, thanks! Hmm, thought I went through all the search results for `6.x.x` and `6.0`, not sure how I missed that one.

> There is a known issue with the aspnetcoremodule-v2 installer that will uninstall the aspnetruntime on upgrade, which may be the root cause for this missing runtime. https://github.com/dotnetcore-chocolatey/dotnetcore-chocolateypackages/issues/64

Reviewer: Are we still using this? Or is this still an issue?

Author: I need to confirm this to be sure in the current version; based on what Gary has mentioned and what I have seen myself, it _may_ no longer be an issue at least for upgrades. I'll see about getting a VM set up to verify whether the installation and upgrade works without the additional fiddling around now.

Reviewer: Did you verify this @vexx32 ?

Author: I have not been able to reproduce the same issue we have seen in earlier versions. I am not sure if we want to conclusively say people cannot run into it under any circumstances but I am not seeing a way to reproduce the original issue that causes this anymore.

Installing the `dotnet-aspnetcoremodule-v2` package after the `dotnet-8.0-runtime` / `dotnet-8.0-aspnetruntime` packages does not remove the installed software from the system anymore, according to `dotnet --list-runtimes`, as it was previously.

Reviewer 3: I believe that this was a bug in the underlying software installer that caused this problem to happen at the time.  If we can no longer reproduce it, then it could be that they fixed the problem in the underlying installer.

I would say that we are good to remove this.

Author: I have added a commit to remove this 👍
